Different Workloads in Different Computing Environments
Problem: It is necessary to separate and quickly changet he ML data workload and stabilize the training workload to maximize efficiency
Solution: Physically isolate different workloads to separate machines.Then optimize the machine configurations and thenetwork usage.
Distinguish BusinessLogic from MLModels7,11
Problem: The overall business logic should be isolated as much as possible from the ML models so that they can be changed/overridden as necessary without impacting the rest of the business logic.
Solution: Separate the business logic and the inference engine, loosely coupling the business logic and ML-specific dataflows.
ML Gateway Routing Architecture
When a client uses multiple services, it can be difficult to set up and manage individual endpoints for each service.
Install a gateway before a set of applications, services, ordeployments. Use application layer routing requests to theappropriate instance.
Microservice Architecture for ML
ML applications may be confined to some “known” ML frameworks, missing opportunities for more appropriate frameworks.
Define consistent input and output data. Provide well-defined services to use for ML frameworks.
Lambda Architecturefor ML
Real-time data processing requires scalability, fault tolerance, predictability, and other qualities.It must be extensible.
The batch layer keeps producing views at every set batch interval, while the speed layer creates the relevant real-time/speed views. The serving layer orchestrates the query by querying both the batch and speed layer, and then merging them.
Kappa Architecture for ML
It is necessary to deal with a huge amount of data with less code resources. 
Support both real-time data processing and continuous processing with a single stream processing engine.
Data Lake for ML
We cannot foresee the kind of analyses that will be performed on the data and which frameworks will be used to perform such analyses.
Store data, which range from structured to unstructured, as“raw” as possible into a data storage.
Separation of Concerns and Modularization of ML Components
ML applications must accommodate regular andfrequent changes to their ML components.Decouple at different levels of complexity from the simplest tothe most complex.
Encapsulate ML Models within Rule-base Safeguards
Problem: ML models are known to be unstable and vulnerable to adversarial attacks, noise in data, and data drift overtime.
Solution: Encapsulate functionality provided by ML models and appropriately deal with the inherent uncertainty of their outcomes in the containing system using deterministic and verifiable rules.
Discard PoC Code
Problem: The code created for PoC often includes code that sacrifices maintainability for efficient implementation of trial and error, and code that is ultimately no longer needed.
Solution: Discard the code created for the PoC and rebuild maintainable code based on the findings from the PoC.
Parameter-Server Abstraction
Problem: For distributed learning, widely accepted abstractions are lacking.
Solution: Distribute both data and workloads over worker nodes, while the server nodes maintain globally shared parameters, which are represented as vectors and matrices.
Data Flows Up, Model Flows Down
Problem: Standard ML approaches require centralizing the training data on one machine or in a datacenter.
Solution: Enable mobile devices to collaboratively learn a shared prediction model in the cloud while keeping all of the training data on the device as federated learning.
Secure Aggregation
Problem: The system needs to communicate and aggregate model updates in a secure, efficient, scalable, and fault-tolerant way.
Solution: Encrypt data from each mobile device in collaborative learning and calculate totals and averages without individual examination.
Deployable Canary Model
Problem: A surrogate ML that approximates the behavior of the best ML model must be built to provide explainability.
Solution: Run the explainable inference pipeline in parallel with the primary inference pipeline to monitor prediction differences.
ML Versioning
Problem: ML models and their different versions may change the behavior of the overall ML applications.
Solution: Record the ML model structure, training data set, training system and analytical code to ensure a reproducible training process and an inference process.
